Ryan Hamamoto
CMPS12B

bubblesort.h, insertionsort.h, mergesort.h, minsort.h, quicksort.h
	contains the function declarations for their corresponding .c files

bv.h
	taken from piazza post 474, Author is Prof. Darrell Long. These functions
	were used to create the bitvector corresponding with each user input.

All of these algorithms were derived off of the pseudocode given in the lab
manual and explanations of their functions.

mergesort.c
	sorts a randomly generated list by dividing it up into smaller lists until
	there is only one integer in each list, then merges them back together.

minsort.c
	a more basic sorting alghorithm, this sort takes a randomly generated list
	and sorts it by repeatedly finding the smallest element and swapping it to
	the front of the list. Author is Prof. Darrell Long.

quicksort.c
	A recursive sort based around a randomly selected pivot point, creates two
	seperate lists with the list to the left of the pivot being less than the
	pivot, and the list to the right of the pivot being greater than.

bubblesort.c
	This sort looks at pairs of integers in the list and swaps them if the right
	integer is greater than the left integer.

insertionsort.c
	Builds the sorted list one item at a time by inserting it into its correct
	position in the array. Less efficient than quicksort.

sorting.c
	contains the testing harness for executing each of these sorts with however
	many items and any random seed value. The defaults for these values are:
	random seed: 8062022
	print: 100 items of the array
	array size: 100 items
	change the seed with -r (seed), the print with -p (printValue), and the
	array size with -n (arraySize). request all sorts with -A, quicksort with
	-q, mergesort with -M, minsort with -m, and bubble sort with -b. Enter
	these commands on the command line after the execution command.

Makefile
	supports 'make all' and 'make' to build the executable, and 'make clean' 
	to delete all object files and executables. 'make' will create the 
	executable 'sorting', in which './sorting -(commands)' will allow the
	usage of the test harness.
